Unpin node versions in CI (#3687)
terascope/teraslice: docs/development/node.md

https://github.com/terascope/base-docker-image

### Note on how tags and node versions work in the base image

The workflow for the base image tags is closely linked to the Node.js version used in the image. Here's a simple breakdown of how it works:

> **Major Version Tag:** The base image will either grab the latest available version of a specific major Node.js release from the node alpine image(e.g., Node 18) or it will be pinned to the latest node version thats compatible with the base image. This image is tagged with the major version number (e.g., 18). So in some cases this version will be pinned and not completley up to date with a node release. This tag is always overwritten on release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Major Version Tag:** The base image will either grab the latest available version of a specific major Node.js release from the node alpine image(e.g., Node 18) or it will be pinned to the latest node version that is compatible with the base image. This image is tagged with the major version number (e.g., 18). So in some cases this version will be pinned and not completely up to date with a node release. This tag is always overwritten on release.
```
